I'll ask you that question one more time. What do
you feel, then, since you've been here, what, nine
years, some of the highlights or some of the things
that have happened, and I also, everybody's been
reluctant to share their contributions because
they feel like somebody else should talk about it,
and I have heard some of the things that you've
done. Most of it has to do, a lot of it has to do with
what you have brought into the university through
all your grants, but Even maybe some little
personal insights or anecdotes that I would not
find in the documents that are just from Linda
Parrish. Well, my greatest, if you ask anybody,
people would say my greatest contribution has
been bringing in several million dollars into
Texas A&M. To me, that's not my greatest
contribution at all. Okay. I do that because it
seems to me that the things I do need doing for the
state of Texas, and that is helping disabled
students access quality education. And that's
why I do that, not to bring big money into Texas A&M.
It happens that that supports graduate students,
and those are good byproducts. I do that because
there are things that need to be done in Texas. Say
that, helping disabled students? Access quality
education in our schools. I think that's the main
thing, the reason I do that. And it's just not to
bring money. Although, as you heard at the
development committee, our provost was saying,
you brought in this much money and we want you to
bring in this much more money. If it was just
bringing in money, I'd say, That's not the point.
The point is to do products. Last year's grant are
those two blue volumes there. And as a result of
writing those materials, we have about eight
different universities now teaching a class
similar to the one I teach here that we didn't have
materials for. So those things are really
important. But bringing in just the money is not
important. I would say that for the university, my
greatest contribution and the greatest
highlight for me was being elected to the faculty
senate the first year it was founded at A&M. I was
one of eight women in the entire university that
got elected and one of two women that got elected to
the executive committee. And that I guess will
always be the most important thing to me is that I
was trusted by my colleagues to be voted in from the
college bed and then trusted by all the colleagues
in the Senate, primarily men from other colleges,
to run the Executive Committee. And that, to me, is
really important because what we've done in the
Faculty Senate has really changed Texas A&M. Ask
the students. They'll tell you a lot of things. You
know, we're making senior state exams. They hate
that. You know, and those aren't the important
things. Those are the things that get pressed. But
there are important things. As of next year, we'll
have a core curriculum where people could use to
come to the university and get through an
engineering degree and not know how to write a
memo. They'll never be able to do that again. And
it's only because of the fact they're safe. And
that, to me, that's made a contribution. So in
other words, the core curriculum came about as a
result of something that the faculty said it saw a
need? The only reason. The only reason. The
faculty said, this is ridiculous. If we're
calling ourself a world-class university and you
can get out of here without taking an English
class, without understanding anything about
humanities, then this is not a university. But you
get a lot of resistance. Oh, it's terrible. My
husband was the one who proposed the core
curriculum for this university. And he has really
gone through quite a lot as a result. But he's
enjoyed the fruits of it because it's finally
passed. And everybody will see the value. Or they
already do, I'm sure. Absolutely. Well, so good
and so dumb. But the history of our university is so
diverse. It's not like a... what you expect a major
university to be. Why do you think there's been so
much resistance? Because now every department or
every college has to go and adjust their
requirements so that it will fit into the core
curriculum, or will they adjust it? Oh, everyone
has to. Everyone that has an undergraduate
program at Texas A&M has to include the
requirements of the core curriculum to make sure
that our graduates, when they leave here, know a
little bit about the broad basis of education. But
to do that, do they have to take away some of their
courses? That's what I mean by adjustment. I know
they'll all have to comply, but what is that going
to do to them? I imagine that's what some people
have done. Now, we didn't have to in education
because we tend to be a broad-based liberal arts
type-oriented discipline. Those in engineering
who have screamed, and agriculture who have
screamed the loudest about it, were the ones who
had such... such straight-laced courses that
they tended to promote themselves, and you can't
live without 14 hours of this same thing, right?
And quite frankly, some of those may have to go to a
fifth-year program as a professional school. Or
drop some of the things and maybe what not. That's
right. I mean, we even had a college dean from the
business say that, you know, it was not necessary
to take 12 hours of banner. You know, you can do with
a lot, because there was not an opportunity then.
That's right. We've just been feeding ourselves
by saying, the more classes I make you take, the
more classes I teach, and the more faculty we have,
and then we're just like a dinosaur.
I think all of these things are just extremely
important, and when I retire from Texas A&M, if I
retire here before I leave or do something else, I
think there will be nothing more important than
the establishment of the Faculty Senate and the
things that it's done. And if you will share some of
those things, because I don't have any documents
on the Faculty Senate. If you have anything that I
could do, I would really appreciate that. Are
there any inside anecdotes, any kind of
observation, something that stands out in your
mind besides your contribution? Is something
that happened that was kind of neat, that was
totally off the record, that is not documented
anywhere, just your own? About within just my
personal relationships with people? It could.
Yeah, that would be different. Oh, gee, I'd really
like to think so much about that. I guess...
I think about just the way I was hired was
incredible. When you come to a school to get your
doctorate, you never in the wildest estimation
think you'll be hired there. I never did. I never
thought, I never applied to be here, anything. I
was getting my degree, I was finishing up my
dissertation, and sent out a letter and was...
flown up there for an interview, and when I came
back, Dean Huber had heard I went, and called me up
to his office and says, how did you like Minnesota?
And I said, well, it's terrific, it's cold, etc.
And he said, well, I tell you what, Linda, he says,
if you'll call them right now and tell them to take
you off their short list, we'll hire you here.
Well, it was just like, I could not believe it. My
husband was here, my children were here, it was
just something we never considered, you know. So
when I look back at that, I think, man, was I lucky.
Now, on the other hand, I have to say that goes
against everything I believe as a faculty
governance person to say, who has the right to
hire? A dean shouldn't have done that. The
department should have decided, do we need
somebody? What kind of person do we need? Do we
search for someone? But in my case, nine years ago,
or ten years ago when I was hired, on me that, you
know, this was probably not appropriate, but it
was something that he did, and I was grateful for
it. And that was typical of that administrative
partnership. That never happened. It would not. I
just don't believe it would ever happen again.
There's things to change. That's right. Is there
anything else that you'd like to share and... In
conclusion, anything that you want to include?
And it can be negative because I didn't put any
negative questions in. I don't know whether maybe
I should. Maybe this is too Pollyanna. Maybe not.
It's not realistic. I'm finding that there's a
reluctance. I don't know if it's the tapes or what,
but there's a reluctance to get into things, and it
doesn't have to be on tape. I'm being quite candid
with you. I appreciate that very much. I don't
really care because people do either know how I
feel about things. The only way to be a great
university, which I think we are, is to be a, and
I'll use this again, lovingly critical one, to
care enough about the place where you work to be
able to see if there's something that can be done.
And I think we are now at that point where we can do
that. In the past, we have been, yeah, we're great,
we're great. We can float on Texas A&M's
reputation. and say, of course we're great. We're
at Texas A&M. I've done that a lot in my life. But now
we are so good in the College of Education that we
can say, we need to change this. We need to do this,
and we can even become happy. That's something
that we constantly need to do, and then that will
signify how good we are. Do you think that the
majority of the faculty is... adaptable enough to
go along with drastic changes like that? It's
getting that way with more retirements. And I hate
to say that right after you've talked to Jim Boone,
because Jim Boone is the most open-minded,
forward-looking person we have, and he's
retiring. So it's not all... You can't really
classify older with that, because he's
wonderful. But... I think that some of the new
young excellent and given the opportunities
they'll be able to get. I think sometimes we don't
think we're good enough ourselves and
occasionally when I visit other good places I just
think, my goodness, I work with some of the best
people in the world. And I love to come back and let
them know that. The other day at the Development
Council, I told Brian Copco, I said, you know, this
is my favorite part. Because to hear a little
sketch on my floor is, for example, or Stan
Carpenter or, you know, whoever, David David, we
ought to do that more often. The recognition of
teachers, we could never do enough. I know,
because they're wonderful. And I work two doors
down from Vi, and we just take each other for
granted. And I just love hearing that about the
people who wear those awards. Well, I'm sure we all
heard the same things about you when you got it.
Well, it makes you feel good. It really does. But it
also reminds us, and we too often forget, of what
tremendous talent that we have just around the
corner. And you know what? My husband, well, let me
conclude by telling you that I really appreciate
you giving me all this time, and I hope that I can
come back and pick your brain a little bit more. If
things come up where I can call you to ask you a
question, and that we'll tie all this together
when I get everybody's interviews and then start
putting the pieces together. That'd be good. And
I'm going to get you a transcript. I hope so.